Add symmetric cryptography slides (#6)
cifunibas/Bitcoin-Blockchain-Cryptoassets: slides/Symmetric Cryptography.tex

\end{frame}
%%%

%%%
\begin{frame}{Breaking Polyalphabetic Substitution}
	\begin{itemize}
		\item<1-> Simple frequency analysis not possible anymore
		\item<2-> Mid 19th century: vulnerability discovered
		\item<3-> Use repetition of code word as starting point
		\item<4-> Find length of code word and use frequency anaylsis on every x-th cipher letter
	\end{itemize}
\end{frame}
%%%

%%%
\begin{frame}{Breaking Polyalphabetic Substitution}
	\begin{table}
		\centering
		\resizebox{10.5cm}{!} {
			\begin{tabular}{l c c c c c c c c c c c c c c c c c c c c c c c c}
				\hline
				Code word &K&I&N&G&K&I&N&G&K&I&N&G&K&I&N&G&K&I&N&G&K&I&N&G\\
				Plain text &t&h&e&s&u&n&a&n&d&t&h&e&m&a&n&i&n&t&h&e&m&o&o&n \\
				Cipher text &D&P&R&Y&E&V&N&T&N&B&U&K&W&I&A&O&X&B&U&K&W&W&B&T\\
				\hline
			\end{tabular}
		}
		\caption{Encryption with Vigenère Square. Based on \cite{singh1999}}
	\end{table}
	\uncover<3->{
		\begin{tikzpicture}[overlay]
			\draw[focus, line width=1.5pt] (2.04,2.1) ellipse (0.6cm and 0.75cm);
			\draw[focus, line width=1.5pt] (5.42,2.1) ellipse (0.6cm and 0.75cm);
			\draw[focus, line width=1.5pt] (8.4,2.1) ellipse (0.6cm and 0.75cm);
		\end{tikzpicture}
	}
	\begin{itemize}

> 		\item<2-> "the" can be enrcrypted in four ways: DPR, BUK, GNO, ZRM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		\item<2-> using a code word with 4 letters, "the" can be encrypted in four ways: DPR, BUK, GNO, ZRM
```

Author: I would like to keep the four alternatives how "the" can be encrypted in this example.

		\item<4-> This depends on its relative position to the code word
		\item<5-> "the" is encrypted twice with BUK

> 		\item<6-> Thanks to this we can gues the length of the code word

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		\item<6-> Thanks to this repetition the length of the code word can be guessed
```

						\hline
						\textbf{A:}&&0&1&0&0&0&0&0&1& \hspace{0.4cm} &\textbf{N:}&&0&1&0&0&1&1&1&0\\
						\textbf{B:}&&0&1&0&0&0&0&1&0&&\textbf{O:}&&0&1&0&0&1&1&1&1\\
						\textbf{C:}&&0&1&0&0&0&0&1&1&&\textbf{P:}&&0&1&0&1&0&0&0&0\\
						\textbf{D:}&&0&1&0&0&0&1&0&0&&\textbf{Q:}&&0&1&0&1&0&0&0&1\\
						\textbf{E:}&&0&1&0&0&0&1&0&1&&\textbf{R:}&&0&1&0&1&0&0&1&0\\
						\textbf{F:}&&0&1&0&0&0&1&1&0&&\textbf{S:}&&0&1&0&1&0&0&1&1\\
						\textbf{G:}&&0&1&0&0&0&1&1&1&&\textbf{T:}&&0&1&0&1&0&1&0&0\\
						\textbf{H:}&&0&1&0&0&1&0&0&0&&\textbf{U:}&&0&1&0&1&0&1&0&1\\
						\textbf{I:}&&0&1&0&0&1&0&0&1&&\textbf{V:}&&0&1&0&1&0&1&1&0\\
						\textbf{J:}&&0&1&0&0&1&0&1&0&&\textbf{W:}&&0&1&0&1&0&1&1&1\\
						\textbf{K:}&&0&1&0&0&1&0&1&1&&\textbf{X:}&&0&1&0&1&1&0&0&0\\
						\textbf{L:}&&0&1&0&0&1&1&0&0&&\textbf{Y:}&&0&1&0&1&1&0&0&1\\
						\textbf{M:}&&0&1&0&0&1&1&0&1&&\textbf{Z}&&0&1&0&1&1&0&1&0\\
						\hline
					\end{tabular}
				}
				\caption{ASCII binary letters. Based on \cite{singh1999}}
		\end{table}}
\end{frame}
%%%

%%%
\begin{frame}{DES: Data Encryption Standard}
	\begin{itemize}
		\item<1-> Companies need a standardized approach

> 		\item<2-> Encryption Method "Lucifer" by Horst Feistel in early 1970s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		\item<2-> Encryption Method "Lucifer" by Horst Feistel in early 1970s
```

		\item<3-> Becomes "Data Encryption Standard (DES)"
		\item<4-> Advantage: Standardisation and security

> 		\item<5-> Disadvantag: Key distribution problem persists

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		\item<5-> Disadvantage: Key distribution problem persists
```
